8.5.1 (#195)
MetaMask/utils: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [8.5.1]
### Changed
- Bump `@metamask/superstruct` from `^3.0.0` to `^3.1.0` ([#194](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/194))
  - If `@metamask/utils` `<=8.5.0` is used with `@metamask/superstruct` `>=3.1.0` the following error may be encountered:
  ```ts
  error TS2742: The inferred type of 'ExampleType' cannot be named without a reference to '@metamask/utils/node_modules/@metamask/superstruct'. This is likely not portable. A type annotation is necessary.
  ```
  This is resolved by updating `@metamask/utils` to `8.5.1`.

### Fixed

> - Ensure functions that should return Hex, do ([#193](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/193))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The return types of functions `getChecksumAddress`, `numberToHex`, `bigIntToHex` are explicitly set to `Hex` ([#193](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/193))
```

> - The return types of functions `getChecksumAddress`, `numberToHex`, `bigIntToHex` are explicitly set to `Hex` ([#193](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/193))

Reviewer: Looks like I'll have to close this PR and create a major release for this.

```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** The return types of functions `getChecksumAddress`, `numberToHex`, `bigIntToHex` are explicitly set to `Hex` ([#193](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/193))
```
